IMPRECISIONS
------------
X 1. byte level tracking of reads/writes
X 2. restrict live sets to those reads that affect branch decisions
3. comparisons of update lists of objects shouldn't depend on order of updates
4. use a more precise definition of equivalence where two states are equivalent
	iff there does not exist some branch at which different paths would
	be taken. this is more general than item 2 above.

	a = mk_symbolic;
	b = a ? 1 : 2;
	if (b == 3) return;

	item 2 restricts the set of live variables to consider to be
	ones involved in branch decisions, but item 4 considers the
	the predicate used in that branch decision and whether the two
	different states results in a different decision, rather on
	just whether they read different values.
X 5. kill memory reads as soon as possible for both precision and scalability
6. concretization/randomization of initiali values of expression interferes		with rwset analysis.
7. make sure all state records terminate
X 8. fix arrayalloc node prop for dynamic branch tracking, in copylivereads
X 9. intersection of livereads with constraints needs to take the byte offsets into account (make test case)
X 10. arrayalloc needs to take byte offsets into account (make test case)
11. as dependence nodes are stripped out because of relevant branch tracking, records maybe become equivalent
	deallocate these paths to save memory/time
12. iterate over a pp's records and find the differences between them
X 13. copy over dependence node control information when doing a copyLiveReads
14. dead code elimination by propagation back conditions of uncovered blocks. if conditions are unsat on all paths going back up to the meets, then it's dead code.
15. find a better way to name mallockeys for the rwset anly
16. dynamic information flow with symbolic execution
17. function pointer control dependencies
18. context sensitive static control dependence? find examples of how this
	extra precision will help.
19. which subtree to prune against matters. how should it decide which one?
20. remove annotations on exit and __error(unlink)
21. unsoundness because of system calls
22. unsoundness because ?

TODO
----
1. find a better way to name mallockeys for the rwset anly--find examples of where this would help
4. as dependence nodes are stripped out because of relevant branch tracking, records maybe become equivalent
        deallocate these paths to save memory/time
8. context sensitive static cover control dependence graph
